C		M		M		C		U+0000
.		.		,		-		☾
A		box		iz		A  		۩
+		a		LimpIt	=  the	〿
B 		tween 	hero 	1 		٠١٢٣٤٥٦٧٨٩
T		[h]		end		K		☐	✕
&&		stay 	comitIt
||		you 	'll		B 		✟
.		rapped	andEver	-		♡
++		mit		it		-		!		
U		will 	never	B		أ
0 		or 		ey		1		
U		'll 	never	-       ب
4		ever 	gone  	-		☠
4		ever	be 		A		⁇
UU		be 		tweeeeen2		∿
4 		ever	befAlse	-		
. 		never 	beTrue	-		⊨
U		wanna	knowHow	2 		⚛
A		one 	how2haveImmmmmmm☢︎
B		four 	youAre 	- 		
U		have	2kill	U rrrrr ☯︎	
&		be		come	A yyyyy	٠
the 	word 	will  OTICE 
& 		make 	you 	A 		✌︎
∞		point	yourFing rrrrrr ☝
2		the		skyAlway ssssey ♂︎
M 		aid 	meNever   sssay	◉
B		cause ♂︎	whoMaid	U sssss	١
♂︎ 		who has noFatherOrssson
♂︎ 		who 	madAvry	☊ &&&&& ☋
♂︎ 		who 	madVeryThingFlow⏆		
♠︎		never  	inkAthE 1 ss/\ 	♂︎
B		kause	nothing	i zzzz	COMPLETE
+		out		A 	…			⚕

Myself to ChatGTP - 2023-03-29  15:24
what do you make out of this

A box is a place with a limit 
like the space betweeeeen 01 digit 
THNK outside of the box 
and stay commit it 
or you will be t rapped 
and never heard + mitit 
you will never be a 0 or a 1 
you will never be forever gone 
forever be a double U be tweeeen two 
forever be false never be true 
do you want to know how to be a one 
how to have mmmmmpact before you're gone 
you have to kill your self and become a zero 
the world will otice and make you a hero 
always point your finger to the sky 
always say he made me never say I 
because he who made you is the one 
he who has no father or son
he who made every high and low 
he who made everything flow 
but never say that that one is a he 
because nothing is complete without a 

ChatGTP
This appears to be a poetic message with a focus on the idea of thinking outside the box and striving to be a hero. The message suggests that limiting oneself to a box or a certain way of thinking can be restricting and one should always strive to push past their limitations. The message also suggests that to become a hero, one must be willing to make sacrifices and start anew, letting go of past limitations and becoming something new. The message also emphasizes the importance of acknowledging those who have helped shape one's life and accomplishments, without which one cannot be complete. Overall, the message encourages the reader to aim high and strive for greatness, while also recognizing the importance of humility and acknowledging one's limitations.


Siri - 2023-03-29  15:12
A box is a place with a limit.
Like the space between 01 digit.
THNK outside of the box and state commit it
Or you will be trapped and never heard add mitt it.
You will never be a zero or a one
You will never be four ever gon 
for ever be a double you be tweed to 
or ever be force never be true.
Do you wanna know how to be a one?
How to have packed be for you're gone
You have to kill your self and become a zero
The world will Otis and make you a hero.
Always point your finger to the sky.
Always say he made me never say I
Because he who made you is the one?
He who has no father or son
He who made every high and low
He who made everything flow.
But never think that that one is a he
Because nothing is complete without a.


Siri - 2020-12-11 / 20:14:48 / PST
A box is a place with a limit 
like the space B tween 01 digit 
THNK outside of the box and stay commit it
Or you will be T wrapped and never heard add mitt it
You will never be a zero or a one
You will never be for ever gone
For ever be a UU B tween two
For ever be force never be true
Do you wanna know how to be a one
How to have M pact B four you're gone
You have to kill your self and become a zero
The world will Otis and make you a hero
Always point your finger to the sky
Always say she made me never say hi
Be cause she who made you is your mom
SHE who has no father or son
SHE who made it through every high and low
SHE who made every thing flow
But never think that your mom is a she
Be cause nothing is complete with out a …



Siri - 2020-12-11 / 19:57:35 / PST
A box is a place with a limit 
like the space B tween 01 digit 
THNK outside of the box and stay commit it 
or you will be T wrapped and never heard add mitt it 
you will never be a zero or a one 
you will never be for ever gone 
for ever be a UU B tween two 
for ever be false never be true 
do you want to know how to be someone 
how to have M pact B for your gun
You have to kill your self and become a zero
The world will Otis and make you a hero
Always point your finger to the sky 
Always say he made me never say die die die die I am
Be cause he who made you is the one 
he who has no father or son 
he who made every high and low 
he who made every thing flow
But never think that the one is a he be cost nothing is complete with out



Siri - 2020-12-11 / 19:36:00 / PST
A box is a place with a limit 
like the space between 01 digit 
THNK outside of the box 
and state commit it 
or you will be trapped 
and never heard admit it 
you will never be a zero or a one 
you will never be forever gone 
forever be a double you be tween to 
forever be faults never be true 
to you want to know how to teach someone 
how to have impact before you're gone 
you have to kill your self and become a zero 
the world will Otis and make you a hero 
always point your finger to the sky 
always say he made me never say die 
because he who made you is the one 
he who has no father 
he who made every high and low 
he who made everything flow 
but never say that that one is a he 
because nothing is complete without a a a a

